new `revertibleRandom` function (#423)
onflow/docs: versioned_docs/version-stable/cadence/language/built-in-functions.mdx

<Callout type="warning">

A transaction can atomically revert all its action.
It is possible for a transaction submitted by an untrusted party
to post-select favorable results and revert the transaction for unfavorable results.

</Callout>

The function usage remains safe when called by a trusted party that does not
perform post-selection on the returned random numbers.

This limitation is inherent to any smart contract platform that allows transactions to roll back atomically
and cannot be solved through safe randomness alone.

Flow protocol has suggested a [solution to implement safe
commit-reveal schemes](https://github.com/onflow/flips/pull/123) and address this limitation.
In cases where a non-trusted party can interact with smart contracts generating
random numbers through their own transactions, **use a commit-reveal scheme**
as described in this [rudimentary example](https://github.com/onflow/flips/blob/main/protocol/20230728-commit-reveal.md#tutorials-and-examples)

## `unsafeRandom`

This function is superseded by `revertibleRandom()`.
`unsafeRandom` has the same interface and implementation as `revertibleRandom()` although
it is called unsafe.

<Callout type="info">

> `unsafeRandom` will be deprecated in the next Cadence release. Use `revertibleRandom()` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`unsafeRandom` is deprecated and will be removed in an upcoming release of Cadence. Use `revertibleRandom()` instead.
```
